Feature/block1 Setup Azure DevOps project (#18)
devonfw/hangar: documentation/Azure_Devops_Setup.asciidoc

== Activate and prepare Azure DevOps 

:url-az-CLI:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest

:url-az-devops-account: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/services/devops/

*Prerequisites:*

1. Install the {url-az-CLI}[Azure CLI.]
2. Create Azure {url-az-devops-account}[DevOps] Account.

== *Setup Azure DevOps  using Azure CLI*

> Automated the Azure Devops setup using script, you can find Script in this folder `/Scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a script in order to automate the Azure DevOps setup, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`.
```

> 1. Install the Azure DevOps Extension to manage Azure DevOps Services from the command line .

Reviewer: These part can be deleted as we do not need to explain what the script does, this is done via echos in the script.

2. Create Personal Access Tokens (PAT) to authorization header to access REST APIs. and Set Secret values under `pat_token.txt`.

3. Login to Azure Devops `az devops login` by using PAT token.

4. Configure the organization and project by using script. 

*Script Execute:*

1. Create `pat_token.txt` for storing sensitive data (PAT Token).

> 2. Edit *account_create.sh* file to change the organization name `Organization={{Organization-org}}` and project name `project={{project}}`.

Reviewer: Configure the script so that the user inputs the parameters Organization and Project. It would be better than having the user to modify the script.
If you do so here you can explain that they should add parameters and what are these parameters.

:url-az-CLI:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest

1. Create an Azure DevOps project manually by {url-az-project}[Following] instructions. 
2. Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`. 

== *Setup Azure DevOps using Script*

This script will enable you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow the instructions below for more details.

== Syntax

```
   account_create.sh
        [-p <String>]
        [-d <String>]
        [-o <String>]
        [-v <String>]
        [-t <String>]

```
== Arguments

```
    -p    [Required] Name of the new project.
    -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
    -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
    -v    Accepted values: private, public.
    -t    PAT token to login Azure DevOps.

```

== *Script Usage*

Execute the script to create new project from scratch `bash account_create.sh -p '$projectname' -d '$description' -o '$organization' -v '$visibility' -t '$pat_token'`
 

> 2.  Create Azure Devops Project. Edit all steps as desired to create Azure Devops project
> 
>     a. Replace '$projectname' with Project Name
>     b. Replace '$description' with Description
>     c.  Replace '$organization' with organization Name
>     d.  Replace '$visibility' with visibility
>     e.  Replace '$pat_token' with pat_token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Edit all the parameters as desired to create an Azure DevOps project

    a.  Replace '$projectname' with Project Name
    b.  Replace '$description' with Description
    c.  Replace '$organization' with organization Name
    d.  Replace '$visibility' with visibility
    e.  Replace '$pat_token' with pat_token
```

== Activate and prepare Azure DevOps 
we will create Azure devops project. We can create in two ways:

:url-az-project:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#create-a-project

:url-az-CLI:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest

> 1. create Azure devops project manually by {url-az-project}[Following] instructions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an Azure DevOps project manually by {url-az-project}[Following] instructions. 
```

> 1. create Azure devops project manually by {url-az-project}[Following] instructions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an Azure devOps project manually by {url-az-project}[Following] instructions. 
```

> 2. Other way using Script to automate the Azure DevOps project setup, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`.
```

> 2. Other way using Script to automate the Azure DevOps project setup, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`.
```

> == *Setup Azure DevOps  using Script*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== *Setup Azure DevOps using Script*
```

> == *Setup Azure DevOps  using Script*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== *Setup Azure DevOps using Script*
```

> This script is to creates a new project or Configure already existed project. Follow below instructions for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will enable you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow the instructions below for more details.
```

> This script is to creates a new project or Configure already existed project. Follow below instructions for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script enables you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow below instructions for further Follow the instructions below for further details.
```

== Syntax

```
   account_create.sh
        [-p <String>]
        [-d <String>]
        [-o <String>]
        [-v <String>]
        [-t <String>]

```

> Arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Arguments
```

> Arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Arguments
```

```

>    	-p    [Required] Name of the new project.
>     -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
>     -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
>     -v    accepted values: private, public.
>     -t    PAT token to login Azure Devops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -p    [Required] Name of the new project.
    -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
    -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
    -v    Accepted values: private, public.
    -t    PAT token to login Azure DevOps.
```

>    	-p    [Required] Name of the new project.
>     -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
>     -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
>     -v    accepted values: private, public.
>     -t    PAT token to login Azure Devops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -p    [Required] Name of the new project.
    -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
    -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
    -v    Accepted values: private, public.
    -t    PAT token to login Azure DevOps.
```

```

> *Script Usage*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== *Script Usage*
```

> *Script Usage*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== *Script Usage*
```

Execute the script to create new project from scratch `bash account_create.sh -p '$projectname' -d '$description' -o '$organization' -v '$visibility' -t '$pat_token'`
 
1. Install the Azure DevOps Extension to manage Azure DevOps Services from the command line .
2. Create Personal Access Tokens (PAT) to authorization header to access REST APIs. and Set Secret values under `pat_token.txt`.

3. Login to Azure Devops `az devops login` by using PAT token.

4. Create Azure Devops Project. 

    .. Replace `'$projectname'` with Project Name
    .. Replace `'$description'` with Description
    ..  Replace `'$organization'` with organization Name
    ..  Replace `'$visibility'` with visibility
    ..  Replace `'$pat_token'` with pat_token
5. Edit all steps as desired to create Azure Devops project
6. List all project which you are created
7. Configure Organization and project for further process (Ex: to create Azure Devops pipeline)

> 5.  Check your logs for Configured list.

Reviewer: Remove unnecessary explanations that already mentioned when executing the script. For example, "1. Install the Azure DevOps Extension to manage Azure DevOps Services from the command line". You already have an echo in the script that will tell the user what it is doing when executed.

> 5.  Check your logs for Configured list.

Reviewer: Change the second point as the PAT is now passed through parameters.

== Activate and prepare Azure DevOps
Here we will create Azure devops Organization and Azure Devops Project.

:url-az-devops: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#choose-your-sign-up-option

:url-az-project:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#create-a-project

:url-az-CLI:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest

:url-az-board: 

> 1. Create an Azure DevOps organization to start planning and tracking work. Sign-up process for {url-az-devops}[Azure Devops]. 

Reviewer: Rephrase this part as something like, you will need to be signed into Azure DevOps in order to follow the steps of this guide.

> 2. create an Azure devops project, They are two ways to create an Azure devops project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an Azure DevOps project, There are two ways to create an Azure DevOps project:
```

> .. Create an Azure DevOps project manually by {url-az-project}[Following] instructions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Create an Azure DevOps project manually with the web interface following Microsoft's official {url-az-project}[guide]. 
```

.. Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`. 

> 3. Plan and track your work by creating items in {url-az-devops}[Azure Boards], You can follow these instructions when you want to accomplish the followingtasks for best process.

Reviewer: Not quite sure if this should go here, and the url takes you to the same page as the one in step 1

Author: It will take to Azure Boards page, please can you check once again.

== *Setup Azure DevOps using Script*

This script will enable you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow the instructions below for more details.

== Syntax

```
   account_create.sh
        [-p <String>]
        [-d <String>]
        [-o <String>]
        [-v <String>]
        [-t <String>]

```
== Arguments

```
    -p    [Required] Name of the new project.
    -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
    -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
    -v    [Required] Visibility accepted values: private or public.
    -t    [Required] PAT token to login Azure DevOps.

```

== *Script Usage*

Execute the script to create new project from scratch `bash account_create.sh -p '$projectname' -d '$description' -o '$organization' -v '$visibility' -t '$pat_token'`
 

1.  Edit all the parameters as desired to create an Azure DevOps project.

    .. Replace '$projectname' with Project Name
    .. Replace '$description' with Description
    .. Replace '$organization' with organization Name
    .. Replace '$visibility' with visibility

>     .. Replace '$pat_token' with pat_token

Reviewer: This part can be omitted as the arguments are already explained in the Arguments section.

>     .. Replace '$pat_token' with pat_token

Reviewer: It would be better to add an example of how the script should be used and what the parameters could be.

== Activate and prepare Azure DevOps

:url-az-devops: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#choose-your-sign-up-option

:url-az-project:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#create-a-project

:url-az-CLI:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest

:url-az-board: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/plan-track-work?view=azure-devops&tabs=agile-process

> *Prerequisites:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== *Prerequisites:*
```

> ... Sign up into {url-az-devops}[Azure DevOps] in order to follow the steps of this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Sign up into {url-az-devops}[Azure DevOps].
```

> ... You need to be Sign up for an {url-az-devops}[Azure Devops] in order to follow the steps of this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... Sign up into {url-az-devops}[Azure DevOps] in order to follow the steps of this guide.
```

> ... Install the Azure {url-az-CLI}[CLI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install the Azure {url-az-CLI}[CLI].
```

> ... Install the Azure CLI.

Reviewer: Add link to the CLI installation guide.

> Here we will create an Azure DevOps Project.
> 
> 1. Create an Azure DevOps project, There are two ways to create an Azure DevOps project:
> 
> ..  Create an Azure DevOps project manually with the web interface following Microsoft's official {url-az-project}[guide].  
> .. Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`. 
> 
> 2. Plan and track your work by creating items in {url-az-board}[Azure Boards], You can follow these instructions when you want to accomplish the following tasks for best process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== *Creating the Azure DevOps project*

The scope of this section is to prepare and activate an Azure DevOps account.

There  are two ways to create an Azure DevOps project:
.  Create an Azure DevOps project manually with the web interface following Microsoft's official {url-az-project}[guide].  
. Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`. 

Additionally you are able to plan and track your work by creating items in {url-az-board}[Azure Boards], you can follow these instructions when you want to accomplish the following tasks for best practices.
```

> 3. Plan and track your work by creating items in {url-az-board}[Azure Boards], You can follow these instructions when you want to accomplish the followingtasks for best process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Plan and track your work by creating items in {url-az-board}[Azure Boards], You can follow these instructions when you want to accomplish the following tasks for best process.
```

== *Setup Azure DevOps using Script*

This script will enable you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow the instructions below for more details.

== Syntax

```
   account_create.sh
        [-p <String>]
        [-d <String>]
        [-o <String>]
        [-v <String>]
        [-t <String>]

```
== Arguments

```
    -p    [Required] Name of the new project.
    -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
    -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
    -v    [Required] Visibility accepted values: private or public.
    -t    [Required] PAT token to login Azure DevOps.

```
== *Example:*

> I want to create an devon4java project in `devon-hangar` organization. Edit all the parameters as desired to create an Azure DevOps project.

Reviewer: There is no need to add this if you are using a generic example with placeholders. Delete this part or add an example that suits this case study.

Execute the script: 

> `bash account_create.sh -p 'devon4java' -d 'devon4java_Application' -o 'devon-hangar' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`

Reviewer: Add another more generic example, one of the kind: bash account_create.sh -p 'my_project' ... Using placeholders.

> I want to create an my_project in `organization-org` organization. Edit all the parameters as desired to create an Azure DevOps project.
> 
> Execute the script: 
> 
> 
> `bash account_create.sh -p 'my_project' -d 'This_is_an_sample_project' -o 'organization-org' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executing the script:

`bash account_create.sh -p 'my_project' -d 'This_is_a_sample_project' -o 'organization-org' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`

Case study:

I want to create a devon4quarkus project with the description 'This is a quarkus application' in an organization called `devon-hangar` .

`bash account-create.sh -p 'devon4quarkus' -d 'This is a quarkus application' -o 'devon-hangar' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`
```

== *Prerequisites:*

. Sign up into {url-az-devops}[Azure DevOps].
. Install the Azure {url-az-CLI}[CLI].

== *Creating the Azure DevOps project*

The scope of this section is to prepare and activate an Azure DevOps account.

There  are two ways to create an Azure DevOps project:

.  Create an Azure DevOps project manually with the web interface following Microsoft's official {url-az-project}[guide].  

. Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`. 

Additionally you are able to plan and track your work by creating items in {url-az-board}[Azure Boards], you can follow these instructions when you want to accomplish the following tasks for best practices.

== *Setup Azure DevOps using Script*

This script will enable you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow the instructions below for more details.

== Syntax

```
   account_create.sh
        [-p <String>]
        [-d <String>]
        [-o <String>]
        [-v <String>]
        [-t <String>]

```

> == Arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Flags
```

```
    -p    [Required] Name of the new project.
    -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
    -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
    -v    [Required] Visibility accepted values: private or public.
    -t    [Required] PAT token to login Azure DevOps.

```

> *Executing the script:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Usage
```

`bash account_create.sh -p 'my_project' -d 'This_is_a_sample_project' -o 'organization-org' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`

> *Case study:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Examples
```

> I want to create a devon4quarkus project with the description This is a `quarkus` application in an organization called `devon-hangar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Quarkus project
```

> == Activate and prepare Azure DevOps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Setup Azure DevOps project
```

Move and rename document to documentation/azure-devops/setup-project.asciidoc`

:url-az-devops: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#sign-up-with-a-personal-microsoft-account

:url-az-project:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#create-a-project

:url-az-CLI:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest

:url-az-board: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/plan-track-work?view=azure-devops&tabs=agile-process

:url-pat-token: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=preview-page#create-a-pat

:url-script-url: https://github.com/prathibhapadma/hangar/blob/Feature/block-1/Scripts/account-setup/project_create.sh

== *Prerequisites:*

. Sign up into {url-az-devops}[Azure DevOps] (just follow the section `Sign up with a personal Microsoft account`).
. Install the Azure {url-az-CLI}[CLI].
. Create an Azure DevOps {url-pat-token}[Personal Access Token (PAT)].

== *Creating the Azure DevOps project*

The scope of this section is to prepare and activate an Azure DevOps account.

> There  are two ways to create an Azure DevOps project:

Reviewer 2: Regression: space introduced between project and :

> .  Create an Azure DevOps project manually with the web interface following Microsoft's official {url-az-project}[guide]. 
> 
> .. When you create an Azure DevOps project manually, you will need to create its workflow. Learn more about this in the following {url-az-board}[guide].
> 
> . Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in {url-script-url}[`/scripts/account-setup/project_create.sh`] 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[loweralpha]
.  Create it manually using the web interface following {url-az-project}[Microsoft official guide]. 
 * When done manually, you will need to choose a workflow. Learn more about the different options in the {url-az-board}[official documentation].
. Create it in an automated way using the provided script, as shown below.
```

What workflow is applied by default when using the script? The guide should mention it.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion partially ignored. Please review.

> == *Setup Azure DevOps using Script*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== *Creating Azure DevOps project using provided script*
```

> This script will enable you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow the instruction below for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script located at `scripts/accounts/azure-devops/create-project.sh` enables you to create a new Azure DevOps project or configure an existing one.
```

> == Flags
> 
> ```
>     -p    [Required] Name of the new project.
>     -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
>     -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
>     -v    [Required] Visibility accepted values: private or public.
>     -t    [Required] PAT token to login Azure DevOps.
> 
> ```
> 
> == Usage
> 
> ```
> bash project_create.sh \
> 	-p 'my_project' \
> 	-o 'organization-org' \
> 	-d 'This_is_a_sample_project' \
> 	-v 'public' \
> 	-t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
== Usage

```
create-project.sh \
  -p <name> \
  -d <description> \
  -o <organization> \
  -v <visibility> \
  -t <PAT>
```

== Flags

```
-p    [Required] Name of the new project.
-d    [Required] Description for the new project.
-o    [Required] Name of the organization for which the project will be configured.
-v    [Required] Visibility accepted values: private or public.
-t    [Required] PAT token to login Azure DevOps.
```
````

Reviewer 2: Suggestion partially ignored. Please review.

> == Examples
> 
> 
> === Quarkus project
> 
> Create a devon4quarkus project with the description 'This is a quarkus application' in an organization called `devon-hangar`.
> 
> `./project_create.sh -p 'devon4quarkus' -o 'devon-hangar' -d 'This is a quarkus application' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`
> 
>    
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Example

`./create-project.sh -p "Hello World" -d 'This is a sample application' -o "devon-hangar" -v 'public' -t 'myToken'`
```

. Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`. 

Additionally you are able to plan and track your work by creating items in {url-az-board}[Azure Boards], you can follow these instructions when you want to accomplish the following tasks for best practices.

== *Setup Azure DevOps using Script*

This script will enable you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow the instructions below for more details.

== Syntax

```
   account_create.sh
        [-p <String>]
        [-d <String>]
        [-o <String>]
        [-v <String>]
        [-t <String>]

```
== Flags

```
    -p    [Required] Name of the new project.
    -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
    -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
    -v    [Required] Visibility accepted values: private or public.
    -t    [Required] PAT token to login Azure DevOps.

```

== Usage

`bash account_create.sh -p 'my_project' -d 'This_is_a_sample_project' -o 'organization-org' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`

== Examples

> I want to create a devon4quarkus project with the description 'This is a quarkus application' in an organization called `devon-hangar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> === Quarkus project
> 
> `bash account-create.sh -p 'devon4quarkus' -d 'This_is_a_quarkus_application' -o 'devon-hangar' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Quarkus project

I want to create a devon4quarkus project with the description 'This is a quarkus application' in an organization called `devon-hangar`.

`bash account-create.sh -p 'devon4quarkus' -d 'This is a quarkus application' -o 'devon-hangar' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`
```

== Activate and prepare Azure DevOps

> :url-az-devops: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#choose-your-sign-up-option
> 
> :url-az-project:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#create-a-project
> 
> :url-az-CLI:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest
> 
> :url-az-board: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/plan-track-work?view=azure-devops&tabs=agile-process
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:url-az-devops: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#choose-your-sign-up-option

:url-az-project:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#create-a-project

:url-az-CLI:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest

:url-az-board: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/plan-track-work?view=azure-devops&tabs=agile-process

:url-pat-token: https://docs.searchunify.com/Content/Content-Sources/Azure-Generate-Personal-Access-Token.htm
```

> == *Prerequisites:*
> 
> . Sign up into {url-az-devops}[Azure DevOps].
> . Install the Azure {url-az-CLI}[CLI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== *Prerequisites:*

. Sign up into {url-az-devops}[Azure DevOps].
. Install the Azure {url-az-CLI}[CLI].
. Create a {url-pat-token}[Personal Access Token (PAT)] in Azure DevOps.
```

> . Sign up into {url-az-devops}[Azure DevOps].

Reviewer 3: Sign up into "Azure DevOps"
--> the link is pointing to this AzureBoards link - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#choose-your-sign-up-option instead of AzureDevOps link - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/user-guide/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops . Please check and confirm which link to be shown there.

You can add few words saying to follow the steps in the link since the link is pointing to Microsoft Docs with the step by step instructions.

Author: The link which is pointing to create an Azure Devops Account. please re-check once again.

Author: The link which is pointing is shared by albert.

. Install the Azure {url-az-CLI}[CLI].

> . Create a  {url-pat-token}[Personal Access Token (PAT)] in Azure DevOps.

Reviewer 3: Create a "Personal Access Token (PAT)" in Azure DevOps.
--> You can add few words saying to follow the steps in the link since the link is pointing to documentation with the step by step instructions and not the actual Azure PAT link.

== *Creating the Azure DevOps project*

The scope of this section is to prepare and activate an Azure DevOps account.

There  are two ways to create an Azure DevOps project:

.  Create an Azure DevOps project manually with the web interface following Microsoft's official {url-az-project}[guide].  

> . Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in `/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh`. 

Reviewer 3: Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in "/scripts/account-setup/account_create.sh"
--> Is it possible to add link to the file? If yes, please add and if not possible, please ignore.

> Additionally you are able to plan and track your work by creating items in {url-az-board}[Azure Boards], you can follow these instructions when you want to accomplish the following tasks for best practices.

Reviewer 3: Additionally you are able to plan and track your work by creating items in Azure Boards, you can follow these instructions when you want to accomplish the "following tasks" for best practices.
--> The above statement refers to following tasks whereas we have only one command (account_create.sh) to execute after this step. So, please consider re-phrasing the sentence.

== *Setup Azure DevOps using Script*

> This script will enable you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow the instructions below for more details.

Reviewer 3: This script will enable you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow the instructions below for more details.
--> Above statement referring to the instructions whereas we have only one command (account_create.sh) to execute after this. Please consider re-phrasing the sentence.

== Syntax

```
   account_create.sh
        [-p <String>]
        [-d <String>]
        [-o <String>]
        [-v <String>]
        [-t <String>]

```
== Flags

```
    -p    [Required] Name of the new project.
    -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
    -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
    -v    [Required] Visibility accepted values: private or public.
    -t    [Required] PAT token to login Azure DevOps.

```

== Usage

> `bash account_create.sh -p 'my_project' -d 'This_is_a_sample_project' -o 'organization-org' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`

Reviewer 3: Usage and Example
--> Please consider showing in multiple lines (instead of current single line command) like the Syntax for better readability.

== Examples

=== Quarkus project

create a devon4quarkus project with the description 'This is a quarkus application' in an organization called `devon-hangar`.

> `bash account-create.sh -p 'devon4quarkus' -d 'This is a quarkus application' -o 'devon-hangar' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`

Reviewer 3: Usage and Example
--> Please consider showing in multiple lines (instead of current single line command) like the Syntax for better readability.

Author: ```suggestion
`bash account-create.sh -p 'devon4quarkus' -d 'This is a quarkus application' -o 'devon-hangar' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`
```
yntax
   account_create.sh
        [-p <String>]
        [-d <String>]
        [-o <String>]
        [-v <String>]
        [-t <String>]
Flags
    -p    [Required] Name of the new project.
    -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
    -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
    -v    [Required] Visibility accepted values: private or public.
    -t    [Required] PAT token to login Azure DevOps.

Author: Already few lines exist regarding syntax and variables description. so that they can understand how to use it.

== Activate and prepare Azure DevOps

> In this section you will create a new Azure DevOps project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By the end of this guide, a new project in Azure DevOps will be created.
```

Reviewer: We want to know what is the output of this section, so that the user can read this at the beginning and if he has already and azure project created he can skip this section.

:url-az-devops: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#sign-up-with-a-personal-microsoft-account

:url-az-project:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#create-a-project

:url-az-CLI:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest

:url-az-board: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/plan-track-work?view=azure-devops&tabs=agile-process

:url-pat-token: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=preview-page#create-a-pat

:url-script-url: https://github.com/prathibhapadma/hangar/blob/Feature/block-1/Scripts/account-setup/project_create.sh

> == *Prerequisites:*
> 
> Before you create the project you need an Azure Devops Account, Azure CLI installed and configure, Azure Devops PAT.
> 
> If you don't have, create by following the instructions.
> 
> . Sign up into {url-az-devops}[Azure DevOps].
> . Install the Azure {url-az-CLI}[CLI].
> . Create an Azure Devops {url-pat-token}[Personal Access Token (PAT)].
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== *Prerequisites:*
. Sign up into {url-az-devops}[Azure DevOps] (just follow the section `Sign up with a personal Microsoft account`).
. Install the Azure {url-az-CLI}[CLI].
. Create an Azure Devops {url-pat-token}[Personal Access Token (PAT)].

```

There  are two ways to create an Azure DevOps project:

.  Create an Azure DevOps project manually with the web interface following Microsoft's official {url-az-project}[guide]. 

.. When you create an Azure DevOps project manually, you will need to create its workflow. Learn more about this in the following {url-az-board}[guide].

. Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in {url-script-url}[`/scripts/account-setup/project_create.sh`] 

== *Setup Azure DevOps using Script*

This script will enable you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow the instruction below for more details.

== Flags

```
    -p    [Required] Name of the new project.
    -d    [Required] Description for the new project.
    -o    [Required] Name of the organization  for which the project will be configured.
    -v    [Required] Visibility accepted values: private or public.
    -t    [Required] PAT token to login Azure DevOps.

```

== Usage

```
bash project_create.sh \
	-p 'my_project' \
	-o 'organization-org' \
	-d 'This_is_a_sample_project' \
	-v 'public' \
	-t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'
```

== Examples

=== Quarkus project

> create a devon4quarkus project with the description 'This is a quarkus application' in an organization called `devon-hangar`.
> 
> `bash project_create.sh -p 'devon4quarkus' -o 'devon-hangar' -d 'This is a quarkus application' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a devon4quarkus project with the description 'This is a quarkus application' in an organization called `devon-hangar`.

`./project_create.sh -p 'devon4quarkus' -o 'devon-hangar' -d 'This is a quarkus application' -v 'public' -t 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxx'`
```

== Activate and prepare Azure DevOps

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

By the end of this section you will end up with a new Azure DevOps project.
```

> :url-az-devops: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#choose-your-sign-up-option

Reviewer: Specify the section that the user should read. Like this it looks like the user needs to read the whole page and we are only interested in the part about signing in.

:url-az-project:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/sign-up-invite-teammates?view=azure-devops#create-a-project

:url-az-CLI:  https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/?view=azure-cli-latest

:url-az-board: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/boards/get-started/plan-track-work?view=azure-devops&tabs=agile-process

:url-pat-token: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=preview-page#create-a-pat

:url-script-url: https://github.com/prathibhapadma/hangar/blob/Feature/block-1/Scripts/account-setup/project_create.sh

== *Prerequisites:*

> . Sign up into {url-az-devops}[Azure DevOps].

Reviewer: Specify the section that the user should read. Like this it looks like the user needs to read the whole page and we are only interested in the part about signing in.

. Install the Azure {url-az-CLI}[CLI].
. Create an Azure Devops {url-pat-token}[Personal Access Token (PAT)] by following Microsoft official guide.

== *Creating the Azure DevOps project*

The scope of this section is to prepare and activate an Azure DevOps account.

> There  are two ways to create an Azure DevOps project:
> 
> .  Create an Azure DevOps project manually with the web interface following Microsoft's official {url-az-project}[guide].  
> 
> . Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in {url-script-url}[`/scripts/account-setup/project_create.sh`]. 
> 
> Additionally you are able to plan and track your work by creating items in {url-az-board}[Azure Boards], you can follow these instruction when you want to accomplish the following task for best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There  are two ways to create an Azure DevOps project:

.  Create an Azure DevOps project manually with the web interface following Microsoft's official {url-az-project}[guide]. 
.. When you create an Azure DevOps project manually, you will need to create its workflow. Learn more about this in the following {url-az-board}[guide].

. Create an Azure DevOps project using an automated script, you can find this script in {url-script-url}[`/scripts/account-setup/project_create.sh`]. 
```

== *Setup Azure DevOps using Script*

This script will enable you to create a new project or configure an existing one. Follow the instruction below for more details.

> == Syntax
> 
> ```
>    project_create.sh
>         [-p <String>]
> 	[-o <String>]
>         [-d <String>]
>         [-v <String>]
>         [-t <String>]
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
